Doc updates for compression  on continuous aggregate feature (#666)
timescale/docs: api/add_compression_policy.md

|---|---|---|
| `if_not_exists` | BOOLEAN | Setting to true causes the command to fail with a warning instead of an error if a compression policy already exists on the hypertable. Defaults to false.|

> >:WARNING: 
> Compression policies on continuous aggregates should be set up so that they do
> not overlap with refresh policies on continuous aggregates. This is due to a 
> current TimescaleDB limitation that prevents refresh of compressed regions of
> continuous aggregates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<highlight type="important">
Compression policies on continuous aggregates should be set up so that they do
not overlap with refresh policies on continuous aggregates. This is due to a 
current TimescaleDB limitation that prevents refresh of compressed regions of
continuous aggregates.
</highlight>
```
